let's start by creating a new project
and we'll choose a standard photo book
and we'll have a photo book with
leatherette cover and we'll choose the
a4 size we'll give it a name we'll call
it test zero one now let's choose the
color of the leatherette cover and
you'll see at the bottom here there are
five different options I'm going to
choose the oyster one and it's a matter
of dragging and dropping onto the page
now the front cover has a cutout window
and the image on page 1 will show
through this cutout window let's go to
page 1 know the image your place here
will show through the window cut out in
the front cover now let's bring in some
images add foot folder containing
pictures I'll choose this folder here
select and the software is populated by
many images here now note there's a
choice of two cutouts standard Square 1
or the heart shape 1 I'll just drag and
drop it there
and I'll go back to the original square
one which is the one we will be working
with I'm going to take an image and drag
and drop into the center of the yellow
square I can now double click this image
and adjust the image to where I think is
correct that looks alright
now let's go to pages 2 & 3 and add some
templates and you see at the bottom here
there are many templates to choose from
let's go for the very first few left
hand page right hand page now let's add
some images drag and drop simple
drag-and-drop drag and drop
now one of the great things about this
project this software is the image
enhancement tools if you go to this icon
here and you will see picture
enhancement now let's choose this
picture over here click on it and click
on or to enhance note the image
brightens up this tool is particularly
useful when you have indoor shots with
low lighting let's choose this image
here and do the same thing and again the
image brightens up tries try this one
here and then which picks up again now
let's look at backgrounds and how to
apply these let's go to the next page
and let's choose a different template
let's choose this one here we want to
apply a background to this go to the
backgrounds tab and you'll note there
are many many backgrounds
let's choose parchment against drag and
drop let's find some images let's take
this one here and again let's check the
auto enhance yes it plies enhancement
and again the image is enhanced now
let's look at the masks and framed tabs
you'll see many masks once again and
again with the frames many many frames
and they work in the same way as a
background it's mass of dragging and
dropping onto the picture and there you
have it now I won't bother filling the
hole a lot with pictures I will straight
to the ordering process click on the
trolley and it's telling here that I
have many empty pages which I'm aware of
click ok I'll save the project
and now I have a choice of add to
shopping cart which means that if I have
got more than one book to order or more
than one item to order
I read then order them all together at
one time
and this is my case or order now read
disclaimer start it's now connecting to
a server
now if this is your first time ordering
you would then create an account have
I've order before and I do have a login
name I will choose this one my password
is already recognized and I will login
you'll see the price of the the photo
album and at this point you have other
options for example presentation box or
corner enhancers I'll add a presentation
box to click on Add button the price
will come up and also add in the gold
effect corner enhancers again click on
the add the price comes up I will
continue this and here's a total at the
bottom I'll choose the Vuk delivery
this at this point if you have a voucher
code you can add it in and you'll pay by
credit card or PayPal in my case I have
an account function I'll confirm the
order
and I will know Artorius of upload fire
order test the speed of the connection
or send order of our meal and 99 times
out of 100 it is upload order and click
on the continue button and your files
and your project will now be uploaded to
our server and that is the easy way of
making a photo book thank you for
watching